The power of Google Analytics lies in customizing it to suit your needs.
That means, making changes to your account.
Over time, you'll add properties, customized views,
create filters, set up goals and add users.
At some point, you may need to look back at the changes you've made.
Change history gives you a record of these changes.
This feature is located in the Google Analytics admin page under the account column.
If you don't see change history in an account,
that means you do not have edit permission in that account.
You need the edit permission level to see change history.
Change history has three columns of
information: Column one is the date and time of the change.
Column two, the email of the Analytics user who made the change,
and column three is a description of the change that was made.
change history keeps a record of activities for the most recent 180 days.
If you delete a user from your account,
you will still see that user's activity but instead
of the email of the user who performed the change,
you'll see the words deleted user in column two.
Google cannot retrieve the deleted email address.
If you delete an account, property or view,
it will go into the Trash Can.
You have 35 days to reverse this action before the item is permanently deleted.
You need edit permission on the account to access the Trash Can.
It's important to note that,
restoring an account will automatically restore its properties and views.
If you put a property or view in the Trash Can directly however,
you have to retrieve that property or that view.
When you restore an account property or view from the Trash Can,
settings like goals, filters,
user permissions and links to other Google products are preserved.
You do however lose data.
Data is not processed while accounts,
properties, and views are in the Trash Can.
Data processing resumes for core reports within an hour of being restored.
Data for real-time reports resumes within seconds.
Use change history to stay on top of the changes in your account.